{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Deliverables:\
-Trello: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://trello.com/b/l8EIhjPi/buzzbill"}}{\fldrslt https://trello.com/b/l8EIhjPi/buzzbill}}\
-Wireframe: In Trello\
-GitHub: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/twof/BuzzBill"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/twof/BuzzBill}}\
-MVP: Accessible through GitHub\
-Scrum & Sprint Doc: http://bit.ly/2ek60SG\
\
\
Today\'92s political climate is toxic. The country has been shattered into separated camps of rhetoric - none apparently willing to compromise. We\'92ve been embroiled in the process and lost sight of why we have these elections in the first place: policy. Laws, bills, and propositions are created every day - many of which have the potential to influence our everyday life. Yet very few citizens read them personally due to the sheer volume of information. Enter BuzzBill. BuzzBill summarizes legislation so you can stay focused on the part of the process that matters - policy, as it pertains to you. Stump the Trump, shirk the shill, and represent yourself with the help of BuzzBill.\
\
-inform who\'92s representing user\
-inform their alignments\
-all else if for supplementing^\
\
The primary purpose of elected representatives is to do just that - represent. They are voted into office to vote on bills on behalf of their citizens, and yet many citizens don\'92t vote or know who their reps are. I believe in oder to mobilize the politically apathetic, the decision of \'93who should I vote for\'94 needs to be as simple as comparing the numbers. BuzzBill assists users in answering the only question that really matters: is my representative voting in my best interests. Every time a bill reaches the floor users are given the opportunity to read a summary and -\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Today\'92s political climate is toxic. The country has been shattered into separated camps of rhetoric - none apparently willing to compromise. We\'92ve been embroiled in the process and lost sight of why we have these elections in the first place: representation. Laws, bills, and propositions are voted on every day - many of which have the potential to influence our daily life. Yet very few citizens are familiar with their representatives, and how those representatives may be voting. Enter BuzzBill. BuzzBill creates a personal political profile by allowing you to vote on the same issues as your representatives, then visualizes how your values align with theirs. BuzzBill revitalizes the part of the process that matters - representation, as it pertains to you. Stump the Trump, shirk the shill, and represent yourself with the help of BuzzBill.}